CNV- 10120: dynamic ssh keys (#63313)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-editing-vm-dynamic-key-injection.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/virtual_machines/virt-accessing-vm-ssh.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="virt-editing-vm-dynamic-key-injection_{context}"]
= Enabling dynamic SSH key injection by using the web console

You can enable dynamic key injection for a virtual machine (VM) by using the {product-title} web console. Then, you can update the public SSH key at runtime.

The key is added to the VM by the QEMU guest agent, which is installed with {op-system-base-full} 9.

.Prerequisites

* The guest operating system is {op-system-base} 9.

.Procedure

. Navigate to *Virtualization* -> *VirtualMachines* in the web console.
. Select a VM to open the *VirtualMachine details* page.
. On the *Configure* tab, click *Scripts*.

> . If you have not already added a public SSH key to your project, click the edit icon beside *Authorized SSH key* and select an SSH key option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you have not already added a public SSH key to your project, click the edit icon beside *Authorized SSH key* and select one of the following SSH key options:
```

Reviewer: I added this suggestion earlier as well. Take or leave it.

* *Use existing*: Select a secret from the secrets list.
* *Add new*:
.. Browse to the public SSH key file or paste the file in the key field.
.. Enter the secret name.
.. Optional: Select *Automatically apply this key to any new VirtualMachine you create in this project*.

> . Set *Dynamic SSH key injection* to on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set *Dynamic SSH key injection* to *on*.
```
